Add CHANGELOG for v0.2 (#13)
turbot/steampipe-mod-alicloud-thrifty: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.2 [2021-09-23]

_Enhancements_

> - Updated: Replace `ssh` protocol with `https` protocol for cloning the GitHub repository in README.md and docs/index.md files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated: GitHub repository cloning instructions in README.md and docs/index.md now use HTTPS instead of SSH
```
